SCCA Mapping (#162)
Azure/missionlz: src/docs/scca.md

2.1.1.4 | The BCAP shall provide the capability to detect and prevent IP Address Spoofing and IP Route Hijacking | Network Security Groups | ✔️
2.1.1.5 | The BCAP shall provide the capability to prevent device identity policy infringement (prevent rogue device access) | Azure Security Center and network route configuration | ✔️
2.1.1.6 | The BCAP shall provide the capability to detect and prevent passive and active network enumeration scanning originating from within the CSE | Azure Security Center | ✔️
2.1.1.7 | The BCAP shall provide the capability to detect and prevent unauthorized data exfiltration from the DISN to an end-point inside CSE | N/A |
2.1.1.8 | The BCAP and/or BCAP Management System shall provide the capability to sense, correlate, and warn on advanced persistent threats | Azure Security Center | ✔️
2.1.1.9 | The BCAP shall provide the capability to detect custom traffic and activity signatures | Azure Security Center | ✔️

> 2.1.1.10 | The BCAP shall provide an interface to conduct ports, protocols, and service management (PPSM) activities in order to provide control for BCND providers | Azure Firewall <br/> NSG <br/> Network Watcher | ✔️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.1.1.10 | The BCAP shall provide an interface to conduct ports, protocols, and service management (PPSM) activities in order to provide control for BCND providers | Azure Firewall <br/> Network Security Groups <br/> Network Watcher | ✔️
```

2.1.1.11 | The BCAP shall provide full packet capture (FPC) for traversing communications | N/A |
2.1.1.12 | The BCAP shall provide network packet flow metrics and statistics for all traversing communications | Azure Firewall <br/> Log Analytics <br/> Network Watcher | ✔️
2.1.1.13 | The BCAP shall provide the capability to detect and prevent application session hijacking | N/A |

## VDSS Controls

REQ ID | VDSS Security Requirements | Azure Technologies | Mission LZ
-------|----------------------------|--------------------|-----------

> 2.1.2.1 | The VDSS shall maintain virtual separation of all management, user, and data traffic. | Azure Virtual Network <br/> Azure Firewall <br/> Azure NSGs | ✔️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.1.2.1 | The VDSS shall maintain virtual separation of all management, user, and data traffic. | Azure Virtual Network <br/> Azure Firewall <br/> Network Security Groups | ✔️
```

2.1.2.18 | The VDSS shall provide for the inspection of traffic entering and exiting each mission owner virtual private network. | Azure Firewall <br/> Network Watcher | ✔️

## VDMS Controls

REQ ID | VDMS Security Requirements | Azure Technologies | Mission LZ
-------|----------------------------|--------------------|-----------
2.1.3.1 | The VDMS shall provide Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS), or approved equivalent, to conduct continuous monitoring for all enclaves within the CSE | Azure Policy <br/> Azure Blueprints |
2.1.3.2 | The VDMS shall provide Host Based Security System (HBSS), or approved equivalent, to manage endpoint security for all enclaves within the CSE | Azure Security Center | ✔️
2.1.3.3 | The VDMS shall provide identity services to include an Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCloud Workload Security) responder for remote system DoD Common Access Card (CAC) two-factor authentication of DoD privileged users to systems instantiated within the CSE | Multi-Factor Authentication |
2.1.3.4 | The VDMS shall provide a configuration and update management system to serve systems and applications for all enclaves within the CSE | N/A

> 2.1.3.5 | The VDMS shall provide logical domain services to include directory access, directory federation, Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP), and Domain Name System (DNS) for all enclaves within the CSE | Az Active Directory (AAD) <br/> Azure DNS | ✔️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.1.3.5 | The VDMS shall provide logical domain services to include directory access, directory federation, Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP), and Domain Name System (DNS) for all enclaves within the CSE | Azure Active Directory (AAD) <br/> Azure DNS | ✔️
```

2.1.3.6 | The VDMS shall provide a network for managing systems and applications within the CSE that is logically separate from the user and data networks. | Virtual Network <br/> Azure Subnets | ✔️

> 2.1.3.7 | The VDMS shall provide a system, security, application, and user activity event logging and archiving system for common collection, storage, and access to event logs by privileged users performing BCP and MCP activities. | Log A <br/> Azure Security Center | ✔️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.1.3.7 | The VDMS shall provide a system, security, application, and user activity event logging and archiving system for common collection, storage, and access to event logs by privileged users performing BCP and MCP activities. | Azure Log Analytics <br/> Azure Security Center | ✔️
```
